The sample version of project is extracted  from previous versions which have been designed to build dustributed worklfow integrating microservices are connected over Hazelcast where a bit another mechanism of invoke was used.
 The idea and the main motivation is to expand very simple and wellknown mechanism of asynchronous operations and threads communication over queues on to IPC, integrating distribuuted componnets. The only difference is add(..) and take(..) are called by sender and consumer in different processes. Hazelcast provides the nice mechanism. 
 Hazelcast is an in process data grid, which does not require additional installs and, fortunatelly provides collections, caches, queues which neded to build distributed asynchronous/parallel processing, data caching and populating. The mechsnims enable to create event driven distributed workflow  and realization  of microservices model, where microservices are invoked over event fired, which is realized as put and consume messages in queues. At the same time Hazelcast provides collections as maps and set, which enable developer to share data between worklfow components. And there is yet a remarkable feature of Hazelcast core: all its collections, and other objects exists per Hazelcast instance which is distinguished by name. Thus, number of processes/services can share objects of the same instance of Hazelcast, when Hazelcast performs transparent discovery of other components of grid, which is related to the same instance. No additional discovery framework required. Furthermore, Hazelcast configuring mechanism provides developer to involve  discovery components are dedicated  to AWS, Kubernetes and another cloud inherent mechanisms.
 In this project workflow and furthering it event mechanism are realized using the IQueue distributed collection of Hazelcast with a name, which corresponds to type of processed events. The IQueue instances with the same name are created in any JVM of worklfow which is associated with related Hazelcast instance. So an add(..) in sender's JVM will be handled by a take(..) in consumer JVM.
 Thus, workflow mechanism is leveraged by sending and consumning messages of predefinded types, using IQueue with a name which corresponds to the type, and, besides, by  a lthreads polling the queue.Due to the S (of SOLID) paradigm normally a process should consume a one type of events (have one listened IQueue). Number of destination IQueues,where event/request to be send to, is not limited. The important is that ratio of senders and consumers for IQueue is n:m . It means that number of instanes of JVM can (and must) listen for the same type of request. Hazelcast guarantees that a message will be taken from queue (and processed) only in one instance of JVM. It is simple and transparent Load Ballancing- just start new process, which handles the same type of message in the same instance of Hazelcast(do not confuse which instance of objects) and requests will be sent to it also withoiut any additions.
 In this reaization we have used messaging (send-reply) communication: in practice it means that consumer anyway will reply to sender (it is not a pure distrubuted model). This way any message is contained in DTO. The DTO contains description of type of event (class usually)-Header, which encapsulated  main transportation information in the DTO, and history (Stack of headers).What it is for? It is because of  processor, which handles consumed request cans send own furthering request inside a worklfow implementation (as a subtask). The Stak of headers simplifies reply forming.
 In order to handle responses we have an additional IQueue in any message processing JVM: an own IQueue, which  is dedicated to get replies and messages, which  are directed to the concrete instance of JVM. Unlike IQueues, which are dedicated to listen incoming requests, the own IQueues exist with an unique name for any JVM, which is not related to type of message anyway. The IQeueue name is the sender address in the header of a DTO object. The reply will be put (add(..) to queue with this name on another machiens, where consumer got and processed the request and returned an answer.
 The worklfow build mechanism, which connects services/miroservices by means of type orineted messaging  requires just to define name of a worklfow ( fedaration in our terms), register processors to handle a request /events type on consuming JVMs.  The realization of this mechanism provides an abstrcat class for processor implementation, which handles main non domain functionality: send furthering request for subprocessing, handle reponses, exposes result. A concrete realization of any processor should just implement its business logic and declare requests, which will be sent for furthering processing while handling initial request. Any concrete processor lives in container, which communicates to underlaying Hazelcast system and linked to message routing channles.
 Any request processing is executed asynchronously as reaction on request or response. During any request processing either result will be  returned or sub request will be sent. In order to serve many stage processing, container, keeps information about request, state of processing and provides the information when processing incoming responses
 Declaration of request set,  which will be sent by a processors for furthering sub processing is necessary in order to verify are the related queues listened. Request will not be accepted if system does not see that it will be handled by a consumer instance. 
 Request send/Event firing mechanism is supported by a channels mechnanism. A channel, which a request will be transmisted over is obtained from API by name of the class of a concrete request. Concretelly a message sent is ended by IQueue.add(..). The channel also polls own IQueue of Hazelcast whic corresponds to sendng JVM and takes care about a result returned The send operation has number of implementations, incluidng callback on response  and Mono based asynchronous invoke
 In this project workflow, channeling amd message mechanism are realized using the IQueue  of Hazelcast with a name, which corresponds to type of processed events. The IQueue instances with the same name are created in any JVM of worklfow which is associated with related Hazelcast instance. So an add(..) in sender's JVM will be handled by a take(..) in consumer JVM.
 Thus, workflow mechanism is leveraged by sending and consumning messages of predefinded types, using IQueue with a name which corresponds to the type.Consumer just its instance of corrresponding IQueue. Due to the S (of SOLID) paradigm,a process should consume a one type of request messaging (have one listened IQueue). Number of destination IQueues,where request messages are to to be send to, is not limited. The important is that ratio of senders and consumers for IQueue is n:m . It means that number of instanes of JVM can (and must) listen for the same type of request. Hazelcast guarantees that a message will be taken from corresponding  queue (and processed) only in one instance of JVM. It is simple and transparent Load Ballancing- just start new process, which handles the same type of message in the same instance of Hazelcast(do not confuse which instance of objects, creates and listens IQueues with the same name, and requests will be sent to it also without any additions.
 In this reaization we have used messaging (send-reply) communication: in practice it means that consumer anyway will reply to sender (it is not a pure distrubuted model). This way any message is contained in a DTO. The DTO contains description of type of event (class usually)-Header, which encapsulated  main transportation information, and history (Stack of headers).What it is for? It is because of a  processor, which handles consumed request cans send own subrequest request inside a worklfow implementation (as a subtask). Yes, it like a forked request, but without joint: any instance of JVM, which implements the mechanism has own (and unique IQueue). The Stak of headers, whic is menioned above, simplifies reply forming.
 Thus, in order to handle responses we have an additional IQueue with a unique name in : an own IQueue, which  is dedicated to get replies and messages, which  are directed to the concrete instance of JVM. Unlike IQueues, which are dedicated to listen incoming requests, the own IQueues exist with an unique name for any JVM, which is not related to type of message anyway. The IQeueue name is the sender address in the header of a DTO object, which envelops a request message. The reply will be put (add(..) to an instance of a  queue with this name on another machiens, where consumer got and processed the request and returned an answer.
 This is really a worklfow build mechanism, which connects services/miroservices by means of type orineted messaging. It requires just to define name of a worklfow ( fedaration in our terms), register processors to handle a request  type on consuming JVMs.  The realization of this mechanism provides an abstrcat class for processor implementation, which handles main non domain functionality: send furthering request for subprocessing, handle reponses, exposes result. A concrete realization of any processor should just implement its business logic and declare forking  requests, which will be sent to another consumers. Any concrete processor lives in container, which communicates to underlaying Hazelcast system and is linked to message routing channles.
 Any request processing is executed asynchronously as reaction on request or response. During processing  of any request, either result will be  returned or forking  request will be sent. In order to serve forking  processing, the mentioned container, keeps information about request, state of processing and provides the information when processing incoming responses
 Declaration of request types,  which will be sent by a processors for forked sub processing is necessary in order to verify are the related queues listened. Request will not be accepted if system does not see that it will be handled by a consumer instance. 
 Request sen mechanism is supported by a channels mechnanism. A channel, which a request will be transmisted over is obtained from API by name of the class of a request. Request sending mechanism supposed only asynchronous model, which is based on callback. The send operation has number of implementations, incluidng callback on response  and Mono based asynchronous invoke
The sample, includes an API emebling to the developed mechanism upon it is included into a Maven project as arctifact (see pom)
The API and implementing classes provides the main possibilties:
- create multi level request message processing mechanisms by providing request handlers per data class with fully automated request dispatch, simply build microservices just handling a type of request as message consumers. The undrlaying hazelcast native framework provides hidden instances discovery (by IQueue name); 
- convenient mechanisms for request send and reply, where routing and  LB are hidden behind the scene;
- create multi level workflow  as hierachic set of microservices with unidirectional asynchronous invokation  . The undrlaying hazelcast native framework provides hidden instances discovery (by IQueue name) and build in LB(just run new consumers)
- data impersonation and sharing among groups of services/microservices, for cross domain session build.
- registrtaion of any end point running on IP address of current JVM and port and populating it accross domain(ip address is obtained automatically, network interface are selected useing a privided filter/pattern) . It can be any type of endpoint. 

As well, s we have remarked above, mechanism of such type might be simply used for creation of forked worklfow by microservices with aynchonous communication. where request is propagated  for a REST microservice as a facade of an application. In one or projects, I have used it together with zuul filters for gateway build without Eurica and it inherent problems of cluster IP setup.
